feat: add ability to unload component and optionally callback (#23)
kaisermann/svelte-loadable: README.md

<Loadable loader={() => import('./AsyncComponent.svelte')} />
```

> Use `unloader` to prevent Loadable from caching the component which will cause it to call `loader` each time the component is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `unloader` to prevent `Loadable` from caching the component which will cause it to call `loader` each time the component is used after being unmounted.
```

```html
<script>
  import Loadable from 'svelte-loadable'

  // unloader callback
  function unloader() {
    // some code here
  }
</script>

<!-- unloader as boolean -->
<Loadable ... unloader />
<Loadable ... unloader={true} />
<Loadable ... unloader={someBooleanValue} />

<!-- unloader as predefined function in script tag above -->
<Loadable ... {unloader} />
<!-- unloader as an inline function -->
<Loadable ... unloader={() => { /* some code here */ }} />

<!-- example using SystemJS Module Loader which has the ability to unload (delete) a previously loaded module -->
<Loadable
  loader={() => System.import('./AsyncComponent.svelte')}
  unloader={() => System.delete(System.resolve('./AsyncComponent.svelte'))}
/>

```

### Props

- `loader`: a function which `import()` your component to the `<Loadable>` component.
- `delay`: minimum delay in `msecs` for showing the `loading slot`. Default: 200
- `timeout`: time in `msecs` for showing the `timeout slot`.

> - `unloader`: true to prevent the component from being cached or a function which will also prevent the component from being cached and will be called immediatly after it is uncached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `unloader`: `true` to prevent the component from being cached or a `function` which will also prevent the component from being cached after being unmounted and will be called immediately after it is removed from cache.
```
